Add falcon framework guide (#804)
zeit/docs: pages/guides/deploying-falcon-framework-with-now.mdx

import Guide from '~/components/layout/guide'
import { TerminalInput } from '~/components/text/terminal'
import { InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'
import { Image } from '~/components/media'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'
import { GenericLink } from '~/components/text/link'
import Card from '~/components/card'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deploying Falcon Framework App with Now',
  description: 'How to deploy your Falcon application with Now',
  published: '2019-05-03T03:00:00.860Z',
  authors: ['maldofirmansyah'],
  url: '/guides/deploying-falcon-framework-with-now',
  image:

>     'https://og-image.now.sh/**Deploy%20an%20Angular%20app**%20with%20Now.png?theme=light&md=1&fontSize=90px&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.zeit.co%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fnow-black.svg&images=https%3A%2F%2Fangular.io%2Fassets%2Fimages%2Flogos%2Fangular%2Fangular.svg&heights=250&heights=300',

Reviewer: These needs to be update to use the Falcon logo

  editUrl: 'pages/guides/deploying-falcon-framework-with-now.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-05-03T00:54:17.000Z'
}

> Falcon is a bare-metal Python web API framework for building very fast app backends and microservices. At the time of this writing, we use Falcon version `2.0` but it should work with all versions. ZEIT use `Python 3.6` as defined in [Now Python Builders](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/python-now-python/#version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Falcon](https://falconframework.org/) is a bare-metal Python web API framework that leaves a lot of decisions and implementation details to the developer.
```

> In this guide, we will deploy a Falcon application with [ZEIT Now](/docs/v2) like the following: <https://falconapp-5sr0skfa2.now.sh/quote>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we will deploy a Falcon application with [ZEIT Now](/now) using the `@now/python` Buildder. The final result will look like the following: <https://falconapp-5sr0skfa2.now.sh/quote>
```

## Step 1: Install Falcon

The most straightforward way to set up an Falcon project is to use the [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/) then type on terminal. <TerminalInput>pip install falcon gunicorn</TerminalInput>

Once the installation is complete, create new directory by typing <TerminalInput>mkdir falconapp && cd falconapp && nano index.py</TerminalInput> then copy and paste this code.

```python
import falcon

class QuoteResource:
    def on_get(self, req, resp):
        """Handles GET requests"""
        quote = {
            'quote': (
                "I've always been more interested in "
                "the future than in the past."
            ),
            'author': 'Grace Hopper'
        }

        resp.media = quote

app = falcon.API()
app.add_route('/quote', QuoteResource())
```

> This is minimal example on [Falcon Framework Website](https://falcon.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) with some modification. Here we change `api` to `app` to prevent 502 error on Now, because it's expecting name to be `app`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example from the [Falcon Framework Website](https://falcon.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) defines an `app` instead of `api` so that the `@now/python` builder can initialize the [WSGI](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/python-now-python#web-server-gateway-interface) application.
```

Then create `requirements.txt` to make packages are installed on `Now 2.0`
<TerminalInput>touch requirements.txt && nano requirements.txt</TerminalInput>
```
falcon
```

After creating `requirements.txt`, run `gunicorn` to serve your app in the browser:

<TerminalInput>gunicorn index:app</TerminalInput>
<Caption>Running your Falcon application locally</Caption>

Your browser will automatically be launched with the served Falcon app at <http://localhost:8000/>

## Step 2: Deploy Your Falcon Project with Now

With your Falcon application set up, it is ready to deploy live with [Now](/docs/v2).

First, you need to provide Now with instructions on how to build your Falcon project using [a `now.json` configuration file](/docs/v2/deployments/configuration):

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "name": "falconapp",
  "builds": [

>     { "src": "*.py", "use": "@now/python@canary", "config": {"maxLambdaSize": "10mb"} }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    { "src": "*.py", "use": "@now/python", "config": {"maxLambdaSize": "10mb"} }
```

  ],
  "routes": [

>     { "src": "/quote", "methods": ["GET"], "dest": "index.py" }

Reviewer: Why are you routing `/quote` to `index.py`.

Maybe it would be better to leave off routes so that you can visit `/` and it will server `index.py`

  ],
  "public": true
}
```

<Caption>
  A <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> configuration file that builds a Falcon project.
</Caption>

The `now.json` file allows you to achieve a few things with your deployment:

- Defines a `version` property to ensure you are using the latest [Now 2.0 platform](/docs/v2/platform/overview) version.
- Defines a project `name` that your deployments will be sorted under and known by under Now.

> - Defines a `builds` property as an array with one build step using `@now/python@canary` to instruct Now to statically build the project using now python builder latest build (nightly one). Then `config` `maxLambdaSize` set to `10mb` because build size around 6mb, a bit more than default `5mb`. More on `config` you can visit [Now 2.0 Configuration](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Defines a `builds` property as an array with one build step using `@now/python` to instruct Now to statically build the project using now python builder latest build (nightly one). Then `config` `maxLambdaSize` set to `10mb` because build size around 6mb, a bit more than default `5mb`. More on `config` you can visit [Now 2.0 Configuration](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration/)
```

> - Defines a `builds` property as an array with one build step using `@now/python@canary` to instruct Now to statically build the project using now python builder latest build (nightly one). Then `config` `maxLambdaSize` set to `10mb` because build size around 6mb, a bit more than default `5mb`. More on `config` you can visit [Now 2.0 Configuration](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Defines a `builds` property as an array with one build step using `@now/python` to instruct Now to statically build the project using the official Python Builder. Then `config` `maxLambdaSize` set to `10mb` because build size around 6mb, a bit more than default `5mb`. More on `config` you can visit [Now 2.0 Configuration](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration/)
```
